Add assembly for configuring Insights (#4882)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-red-hat-cloud-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="installing-red-hat-cloud-plugin"]
= Installing Red Hat Cloud plugin

[role="_abstract"]

> Install the Red Hat Cloud plugin on your {ProjectServer} to upload inventory reports to the {RHCloud}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud plugin on your {ProjectServer} to upload inventory reports to the {RHCloud}.
```

This step is required before you configure the cloud connector.

.Procedure

> * Install the Red Hat Cloud plugin on your {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install the Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud plugin on your {ProjectServer}:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud
----

.Verification

> * In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About* and select the *Plugins* tab to verify that it lists the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.

Reviewer: same as above:

```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About*.
. On the *Plugins* tab, verify that it lists the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.
```
